[MM-32941] deployment: enable job server deployment (#434)
mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng: docs/deployer_config.md

You can check if the role is already created [here](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#roles) and if it isn't created set this property to true.

## JobServerSettings

### InstanceCount

*int*

> Number of the instances to be created. Right now only support 1 o 0 values. Once a job server is deployed, all of the periodic jobs will run in this service.

Reviewer: 1 _or_ 0

> Number of the instances to be created. Right now only support 1 o 0 values. Once a job server is deployed, all of the periodic jobs will run in this service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Number of instances to be created. Supported values are `1` or `0`. Once a job server is deployed, all of the periodic jobs will run on this instance.
```

### InstanceType

*string*

> The type of instance for the Job Server. See type [here](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The type of EC2 instance for the Job Server. See type [here](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/)).
```
